Well, first consider the size of the bus. I would guess a bus is about 10m long, 4m wide,
and 2m high(inside), though i'm probably better at guessing actual seat sizes/row lengths, 
because thats what I've actually seen more often when in the bus. So to guess the size
of the bus I'd rather consider dividing up the bus into smaller areas which I can guess
more accurately, and then working out the total size. I can probably make a decent guess
at the size of a bus seat and the size of the seat area above/below/infront of it, so I'll use 
the volume of a seat, and the volume of the space above/below a seat as the 2 basic
units to work out how big the bus is.

Bus:
10xNormal Rows (consisting of 2 seat, 2 seat space, 1 aisle space)
1x Back Row (consisting of 2.5 seat, 2.5 seat space)
1x Driver Space

I'd guess the aisle space is about half a seat space.
The driver area is the about the size of 3 rows, with 1 seat, 1 dashboard/gears/steering wheel area (size of about 4 seats stacked on top of eachother), 
and the extra staircase space (about half a seat space).

So then the bus:
10xNormal Rows(2.5 seat space - 2 seats)
1xBack Row(2.5 seat space - 2.5 seats)
Driver Space (8 seat space - 5seats)
Total: 35.5 seat space - 27.5 seats

Then, guessing at the actual seat space I'd say is 1m long, 0.5m wide and  2m high.
The seat itself, a cusion under you+cusion behind you, 1m long, 0.5m wide, 0.2m high for each cusion.
So:
Seat space = 1 cubic metre
Seat =  0.1cubic metres
Total bus volume = 32.75 cubic metres

Then, the size of a ping pong ball - well, I'm from South Africa and I'd assume sizes
are the same here as in US, which is about half my finger length and looks like about
0.04m long - so with volume=(4/3)*pi*radius^3, has volume 33.51cc.

So howmany balls fit in the bus? 
32.75 cubic metres/33.51cc = 977310

And this is all assuming that the balls are there, fitting in the bus, not considering
how to actually get them in the bus stacked in way that doesn't waste any space, or if
it's possible to actually stack them without wasting space...but that should hopefully
not affect the answer too much so I think it's fine not to worry about for now.

...oh and if the question is not just limited to thought I could google for answers/more
accurate measurements amd assumptions about the bus and seats and ball size etc, or actually
go measure it in real life...and if you think I'm wrong, maybe we just have wierd small school buses in this country :P.

